hey YouTube this is Sam I'm coming to
you again give you guys a brief update
on update on how this hair is holding up
I recently did a video to show you guys
how I like your my hair versus synthetic
hair when I did the video the hair had
been in my head for like maybe two weeks
a little over two weeks all right now it
is maybe a month and a half and and the
results of the human hair no I'm not
knocking synthetic hair but then you may
hair is so much better you don't have to
worry about it getting as tangley it
still gets a little tingly but not as
tangley as the synthetic hair and you
could do so much more with it and it
look somewhat it looks more natural to
me today I did do decide to do something
to it what I did was I washed my hair my
I washed the hair real good got in my
scalp and washed and conditioned it
really good blow dried my scalp and left
the hair wet though um then I took like
what you call that the hair mayonnaise
and put it on the hair and I plotted it
in four braids again let the hair
mayonnaise stay because from all the
product that I was putting on in like
Jill not the jail with a carefree curl
activator stuff in the end sometimes the
wedding will be straight it was kind of
getting like you know a little dead
looking so so bring it back to the way I
just did it as if I was doing my hair
but I really enjoyed the human like I
said this hair is called Avanti and it
is your braiding your regular braiding
hair that you use for micro so it's not
extra 18 inches or nothing like that
just your standard sized micro here
again I I'm gonna try to do it tutorial
on the next time next time I'm deaf
Hannah time to do that I don't have a
lot of experience with you too I don't
know how to do the editing I don't know
how to do but you call I'm putting the
pictures at the end to show you my
finished styles or anything like that
but if you guys have any questions feel
free so just leave a comment and um my
next stop I'll be putting it on there
again the next time I will try to do
this it's where you thanks